Sources/DeckKit/DeckKit.docc/DeckKit.md, before:

# ``DeckKit``

DeckKit helps you create deck-based apps in `SwiftUI`.


## Overview

![DeckKit logo](Logo.png)

DeckKit decks can be customized to great extent. You can change colors, fonts, corner radius etc. of the standard card views, and also use completely custom views.



## Installation

DeckKit can be installed with the Swift Package Manager:

```
https://github.com/danielsaidi/DeckKit.git
```

If you prefer to not have external dependencies, you can also just copy the source code into your app.



## Getting started

The <doc:Getting-Started> article has a guide to help you get started with RichTextKit.



## Repository

For more information, source code, etc., visit the [project repository][Repository].



## License

RichTextKit is available under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE][License] file for more info.



## Topics

### Articles

- <doc:Getting-Started>

### Decks

- ``Deck``
- ``DeckContext``
- ``DeckPageView``
- ``DeckItem``
- ``DeckView``
- ``DeckViewConfiguration``

### Animations

- ``DeckShuffleAnimation``

### Favorites

- ``Favoritable``
- ``FavoriteContext``
- ``FavoriteService``
- ``UserDefaultsFavoriteService``



[License]: https://github.com/danielsaidi/DeckKit/blob/master/LICENSE
[Repository]: https://github.com/danielsaidi/DeckKit

Commit message:

Update package and add visionOS support

Sources/DeckKit/DeckKit.docc/DeckKit.md, after:

# ``DeckKit``

DeckKit is a Swift SDK that helps you build deck-based apps in SwiftUI.



## Overview

![DeckKit logo](Logo.png)

DeckKit is a Swift SDK that helps you build deck-based apps in SwiftUI.

DeckKit has a ``DeckView`` that can render any item collection, with support for swipe gestures, edge swipe detection, shuffling, etc.

DeckKit has other deck views as well, and can be customized to great extent. You can change colors, fonts, corner radius etc. of the standard card views, and also use completely custom views.



## Installation

DeckKit can be installed with the Swift Package Manager:

```
https://github.com/danielsaidi/DeckKit.git
```



## Getting started

The <doc:Getting-Started> article helps you get started with DeckKit.



## Repository

For more information, source code, etc., visit the [project repository](https://github.com/danielsaidi/DeckKit).



## License

DeckKit is available under the MIT license.



## Topics

### Articles

- <doc:Getting-Started>

### Decks

- ``DeckItem``
- ``DeckPageView``
- ``DeckView``
- ``DeckViewConfiguration``

### Animations

- ``DeckShuffleAnimation``

### Favorites

- ``FavoriteContext``
- ``FavoriteService``
- ``UserDefaultsFavoriteService``
